"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." - Albert Einstein
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"Even if you fall on your face, you’re still moving forward." - Victor Kiam
"You are never to old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe." - Dalai Lama
"You must do the thing you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Helen Keller
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas A. Edison
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity" - Albert Einstein
The comeback is always stronger than the setback
Every day is a fresh start
You will never regret being kind
"A jug fills drop by drop." - Buddha
Take what you like and leave the rest
#### Above added Feb 25, 2017
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
We are all alike, on the inside.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everyone else up.
Live life and live it good.
Be yourself, who else is better qualified.
Say what you mean, mean what you say, but don't say it mean.
We are all different. Don't judge, understand instead.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
You don't have to go fast, you just have to go.
We are what we believe we are.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
